[docs] Create, revise, and expand System "Getting started" docs (#33503)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/system/getting-started/overview/overview.md

Learn more on [the `sx` prop page](/system/getting-started/the-sx-prop/).

## Advantages of MUI System

- **Write less code:** in situations where styled-components would be overkill, the `sx` prop can [replace dozens of lines of code](/system/getting-started/usage/#why-use-mui-system).
- **Write the CSS you already know:** the `sx` prop features a superset of CSS, so it's intuitive to pick up and start working with right away if you're comfortable with CSS.
- **Avoid context-switching:** with styled-components, you frequently have to jump between the usage and the definition to find what you need. With the System, it's all in one place.
- **Forget unnecessary custom names:** if you've ever struggled to come up with a good name for a styled-component, then you'll appreciate skipping that step entirely when using MUI System.

## MUI System vs. MUI Base

[MUI Base](/base/getting-started/overview/) is a library of "unstyled" React components, while MUI System is a set of utilities for quickly applying styles to those components (as well as other MUI component libraries like Material UI and Joy UI).

> MUI Base is a standalone component library, whereas the System is _supplemental_ in that it's designed to be paired with Base and other MUI components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUI Base is a standalone component library, whereas the System is _supplemental_ in that it's designed to be paired with MUI Base, other MUI components, as well as with third party components.
```
